Kaiseki Cuisine
Photo: HIFUMI-AN
Kaiseki cuisine is the ultimate style of Japanese food, and both the preparation methods and appearance are refined. Imbuing dishes with a seasonal feel and bringing out the natural flavors of the ingredients are very important parts of this style of cuisine. This means that only seasonal ingredients passing intense scrutiny are used for the menu. Some examples are springtime takenoko (bamboo shoots), autumn matsutake mushrooms, and early summer katsuo (bonito). Sometimes ingredients called "hashiri" that have been harvested before their seasons are included as treasured items.

Sukiyaki
The king of Japanese meat cuisine. Cooking styles differ between east and west Japan, but the main style is to flavor thinly sliced beef with soy sauce, sugar, and rice wine and simmer in a pot along with vegetables. Dip in a raw egg sauce when eating to enjoy a mild flavor.

Shabu-Shabu
Quickly dip beef strips sliced even thinner than sukiyaki in a simmering broth, then dip them in sauce and eat. This dish brings out the true value of the tender and delicate Wagyu. Here the sauce is a big part of the flavor, with choices like sauce with ground sesame seeds and sauce made from citrus fruit juices. 

Steak
Though this is not a style of cooking unique to Japan, it is definitely a great way to enjoy the rich, savory flavor and fine, melt-in-your-mouth marbling unique to Wagyu. Try some at a steak restaurant specializing in Wagyu.

Nigiri-Zushi
Though sushi is generally made with seafood, some sushi restaurants and yakiniku (Korean style barbeque) restaurants do serve nigiri-zushi made with Wagyu. High quality Wagyu has a low temperature for the marbling to melt, so it will melt in your mouth.

Cacao Sampaka
This is a Spanish royal warrant chocolate shop (chocolateria). It strictly oversees the chocolate making process, starting with the painstaking selection of cocoa beans from local cocoa farmland and moving up through bean management and tight control of ingredients for the chocolate, creating the highest quality chocolate with an extremely rich flavor. Menu development is assisted by chefs from the Spanish restaurant "elBulli," which was awarded three stars by Michelin. The bite-sized bon-bon chocolates and chocolate sheets are popular.

Toraya Ginza
TORAYA is a prestigious Japanese confectionary shop with 500 years of history. The second floor tea room, "TORAYA Saryo," serves confectionaries that are individually handmade with care by confectionary craftspeople. In addition to "yokan," made from a kneaded gel of high quality sweet bean paste, enjoy high quality unbaked sweets in the shape of seasonal flowers. Try some Japanese confectionaries that delight the eye as well as the taste buds together with matcha, a traditional Japanese tea.

Shinyokohama Raumen
This is a food theme park located 5 minutes on foot from Shin-Yokohama Station. The entrance fee is 300 yen per person. There are about eight to nine ramen shops, and each shop serves small sized portions so you can stroll around and eat at each shop. Enjoy a rich variety of flavors from all over Japan all in one location. The facilities are set up like a downtown area, and events are also held here.

