yobobashi camera multimedia akiba
Yodobashi Camera is an electric appliance megastore boasting the largest shop floor area in Akihabara and stocking about 650,000 items. It’s connected directly to the JR Station and has a large parking facility. Products are displayed by brand in special corners making it convenient to find exactly what you want, for instance if you are looking for a particular product by SONY. There are restaurants and even a golf driving range on the roof of the building.

Laox
This megastore has its shops mainly in the Metropolitan area. There are 8 shops in Akihabara including a duty-free shop and a TV game store, “Asobit Game City”. Each shop has its own specialty such as computers of course, watches, cameras, sweets with collectible toys, figures, games and musical instruments, so you will find what you are looking for.

Yamada Denki LABI Akihabara PC Building
This large specialty store was established in 2007 in front of Akihabara Station, entrance to electronics town. PCs and mobile equipment are the main products. On each floor there is booth where you can actually view, touch and experience the product in a relaxed atmosphere, before you make the final decision.

100 yen shops
Everything from cosmetics to stationary, household items to food is sold at 100 yen in these shops. The “Daiso” company has 2500 outlets in Japan and 470 outside Japan, and the “Can*Do” chain is also one of the most popular 100-yen shops. The products are durable for practical use and many of them come in a variety of colors, so they’re fun to use and have become an established part of daily life in Japan. You will be able to find souvenirs and travel-size items for immediate use. Some “Daiso” shops recently started selling products such as T-shirts at the low price of 300 yen. There is a big store on Takeshita Dori (Ave.) in Harajuku, Tokyo and one in Shinsaibashi and Shin-Osaka in Osaka. “Lawson Store 100” that sells mainly 100-yen food items recently appeared on the market. The 5% consumption tax is paid separately.

Pokemon centers
The specialty Pokemon shop called the “Pokemon Center” stocks a wonderful assortment of Pokemon related items and hosts incredibly popular Pokemon gaming arenas. Currently there are six centers throughout Japan located in Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya, Fukuoka, Yokohama, and Sapporo.

sanrio shops
Cute Sanrio character goods are a must when purchasing souvenirs in Japan!! The extensive collection of all kinds of Hello Kitty items will especially blow you away. Themes and product selection differ from store to store, so it’s fun to check out more than one.

Kiddy lands
Popular character goods and unique toys from Japan and abroad line the shelves, including favorites such as Disney, Sanrio, Sesame Street, Snoopy, and Barbie dolls.

Seibu Departmenet store
This department store boasts the largest annual number of visitors in Japan (approx. 70 million people). The food sections are as busy as a marketplace. There are also brand-power specialty shops such as “Libro” books and “Loft” stationery.




